doc: Add release notes for #18335 (#21484)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/release-notes.md

RPC
---

> - `bitcoind` can process a limited number of simultaneous RPC requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The RPC server can process a limited number of simultaneous RPC requests.
```

(You can run the RPC server via the gui as well)

  Previously, if this limit was exceeded, `bitcoind` would respond with
  [status code 500 (`HTTP_INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR`)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_HTTP_status_codes#5xx_server_errors).

>   Now it returns the status code 503 (`HTTP_SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Now it returns the status code 503 (`HTTP_SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE`). (#18335)
```

RPC
---
- `bitcoind` can process a limited number of simultaneous RPC requests.

>   Previously, if this limit was exceeded, `bitcoin-cli` displayed the string

Reviewer: I don't think anyone is using the cli as a stable interface. I was more referring to an http-rpc proxy receiving a different HTTP error code when the limit is exceeded.
